data-center-docs-change (#19734)
opf/openproject: docs/enterprise-guide/enterprise-cloud-guide/enterprise-cloud-faq/README.md

**OpenProject.eu**

This hosting infrastructure all sub-processors are located in the EU. There is no transfer to sub-processors outside the EU (e.g. AWS). We send transactional emails with Rapidmail. 

**Old OpenProject.eu Shard (Germany)**

> Prior to July 2025, our services were hosted across both Netways and Scaleway data center environments. Starting July 2025, Scaleway will become our sole data center provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to March 2026, our services were hosted across both Netways and Scaleway data center environments. Starting with March 2026, Scaleway will become our sole data center provider for the EU shard.
```

> All existing customers will be migrated to Scaleway in September 2025. Customers who choose not to transition to Scaleway can opt out. In that case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All existing customers who did not object to the migration, will be migrated to Scaleway in September 2025. Customers who choose not to transition to Scaleway can opt out. In that case:
```

> -   Contracts will be automatically terminated by February 2026, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Contracts may be terminated by February 2026, or
-   alternative solutions may be found (including migration global shard in Frankfurt), or
```
